Cotton no.1 pink
We love our invigorating custard and believe you will too! Please do try some 
Let the mixture of pink and yellow paint your days with the colours of a beautiful sunset.

No.2 turq
Looking for chic and stylish? Worry no more, this is the one! The perfect start to a professional day in style.

No. 3 grey
Classy and neutral.. if the office is where you are headed, then you’ve got it right on spot!

No. 4 sand
A lovely mix of neutral and spicy will balance your look, making it cheerful yet calm in a long taxing day.

No. 5 pink
Going for light, smart and absolutely charming? You’ve just nailed it!

No. 6 blue
Oh, is it winter already? I believe this one should be right in sync with the weather, as well as your winter wardrobe!

No. 7 grey
Good enough for casual AND formal wear?! Maybe this could be your new best friend!

Cotton jacquard
No. 1 pink
The sun is calling and the day has just started. Trying to find dashing and absolutely stunning? Look no more, here it is!

No. 2 blue
Hmm, light or dark..? Why not try a bit of both? Would look amazing with a plain top!

No. 3 grey
Who wouldn’t love a combination of black and gold?! Put on your fancy clothes and stun the crowd!

No. 4 pastell
Colours borrowed right from under a rainbow, mix them well with your clothes and you’ll get a lovely effect!

No. 5 blue
An artistic brush of darkness with a hint of copper. A subtle eye-catcher, what better could we ask for!

No. 6 beige
A festival of all kinds of metal welcomes you! Rose gold, copper, silver, gold—just think it and you’ll find it! Ready to dress to impress?

Cotton and lurex no. 1 pink
Simple and pink, a good amount of glitter here and there.. Tada! Ready to don on the magic of a princess?!

No. 2 blue
Calming yet daring, a fabulous fit for a day filled with action and a night of chilling out. Shine, oh fabulous one!

No. 3 grey
Trying to go for elegant and striking? We suggest you snatch this right away, for it will save your day!

No. 4 sand
The sun is up and so are you! We believe you’re forgetting this, lady dazzle!

Organic cotton and silk no. 1 blue
Ever tried wearing the sky before? No? Yes? No matter, hop on and experience this amazing sensation. Who knows, maybe you could actually fly!

No. 2 orange
A good doze of the sun’s warming rays, slightly hidden by pure fluffy clouds. Soak in the blissful feeling and relax, will you? 

No. 3 green/lemon
A lemon orchard presented to you in a slightly smaller version. Can you smell the tangy aromatic scent? 

No. 4 lemon/grey
Happiness spun with a doze of sunshine. Looks too bright? Oh, have no fear! A brush of dusk has been added to the mix. Now, what are you waiting for?!

No. 5 turquoise
Does it remind you of something? What about the ocean? A huge mass of clear blue and moss! I bet you’re thinking what we’re thinking!

No. 6 green
Green is for “go”, life, and prosperity. Happily made for you to face the day and spread your positive vibes wherever you go!

Wool and silk no. 1 beige
Have a taste of lady desert’s silent charm, able to conquer all who tread its way with absolute grace.

No. 2 grey
Become one with the storm of your glamour and let your exquisiteness devastate the crowds.

No. 3 navy
Wear the starry night and transform into a vision of calm and mesmerising beauty.

Cotton embroidery no. 1 ivory
We present to you pure cream just for your absolute delight! Wait, that’s not all! We, most certainly, could never forget to sprinkle sugar, spice and everything nice. Enjoy!

No. 2 beige
Coffee latte, a great boost to start your day fully energised with a spring in your step! Please, do have a taste.

No. 3 grey
Don on the entirety of sophistication and a weave of the sea late into the night. What a truly arresting sight!

Modal no. 1 pastell
Have a look and feast your eyes! A palette of lovely bright colours, with a hint of a cloudy storm, that will surely bring a spring to your step and sweep the world off its feet!

No. 2 blue
The ocean with the sand and sky all wrapped into one! Sometimes you should follow the ocean’s breeze.

No. 3 tropic
Ready to go on an adventure? Embrace the jungles and forests of the universe! Don’t forget to bless your journey with a whiff of a flower or two. Make it a hundred?! 

No. 4 jeans
It’s a rainy day and we believe it invites all that is casual and blue. Allow the rain to spray its freshness right into your spirit!

No. 5 pink
We managed to weave a spell from your bright essence and brought life to a fantastic array of colours. You are the magic you make!

The ocean holds wonderful secrets deep into its heart, where do you keep yours? Don on the entirety of sophistication and let your gems shine, just as the oceans’ do!





XXX, an online shop, presents you with its finest. Scarves to colour your world and make you the best version of you. Enjoy shopping!
a perfect mood boost to energise your artistic spirit!




